add ews-resolve-names command (#32613)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftExchangeOnPremise/Integrations/EWSv2/README.md

| identifier | The text value of this argument is used to resolve names against the following fields: First name, Last name, Display name, Full name, Office, Alias, SMTP address. Eg. `John Doe` or `sip:johndoe@example.com`. | Required | 
| full-contact-data | Describes whether the full contact details for public contacts for a resolved name are returned. Possible values are: True, False.                                                                               | Optional | 

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| EWS.ResolvedNames.FullContactInfo.contactSource | String | Whether the contact is located in the Exchange store or Active Directory Domain Services \(AD DS\). | 
| EWS.ResolvedNames.FullContactInfo.culture | String | Represents the culture for a given item in a mailbox. | 
| EWS.ResolvedNames.FullContactInfo.displayName | String | The display name of a contact. | 
| EWS.ResolvedNames.FullContactInfo.ItemId | String | Contains the unique identifier and change key of an item in the Exchange store. | 

> | EWS.ResolvedNames.FullContactInfo.emailAddresses | String | Represents a collection of e-mail addresses for a contact. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| EWS.ResolvedNames.FullContactInfo.emailAddresses | String | Represents a collection of email addresses for a contact. | 
```

| EWS.ResolvedNames.FullContactInfo.givenName | String | Contains a contact's given name. | 
| EWS.ResolvedNames.FullContactInfo.importance | String | Describes the importance of an item. | 
| EWS.ResolvedNames.FullContactInfo.initials | String | Represents the initials of a contact. | 
| EWS.ResolvedNames.FullContactInfo.phoneNumbers.label | String | The following are the possible values for this attribute: AssistantPhone, BusinessFax, BusinessPhone, BusinessPhone2, Callback, CarPhone, CompanyMainPhone, HomeFax, HomePhone, HomePhone2, Isdn, MobilePhone, OtherFax, OtherTelephone, Pager, PrimaryPhone, RadioPhone, Telex, TtyTddPhone | 

> | EWS.ResolvedNames.FullContactInfo.phoneNumbers.phoneNumber | String | The Phone number of the contact | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| EWS.ResolvedNames.FullContactInfo.phoneNumbers.phoneNumber | String | The phone number of the contact | 
```

> | EWS.ResolvedNames.FullContactInfo.physicalAddresses.city | String | The physicalAddresses city assosciated with the contact. | 
> | EWS.ResolvedNames.FullContactInfo.physicalAddresses.country | String | The physicalAddresses country assosciated with the contact. | 
> | EWS.ResolvedNames.FullContactInfo.physicalAddresses.label | String | The physicalAddresses label assosciated with the contact. | 
> | EWS.ResolvedNames.FullContactInfo.physicalAddresses.state | String | The physicalAddresses state assosciated with the contact. | 
> | EWS.ResolvedNames.FullContactInfo.physicalAddresses.street | String | The physicalAddresses street assosciated with the contact. | 
> | EWS.ResolvedNames.FullContactInfo.physicalAddresses.zipcode | String | The physicalAddresses zipcode assosciated with the contact. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| EWS.ResolvedNames.FullContactInfo.physicalAddresses.city | String | The physical addresses city associated with the contact. | 
| EWS.ResolvedNames.FullContactInfo.physicalAddresses.country | String | The physical addresses country associated with the contact. | 
| EWS.ResolvedNames.FullContactInfo.physicalAddresses.label | String | The physical addresses label associated with the contact. | 
| EWS.ResolvedNames.FullContactInfo.physicalAddresses.state | String | The physical addresses state associated with the contact. | 
| EWS.ResolvedNames.FullContactInfo.physicalAddresses.street | String | The physical addresses street associated with the contact. | 
| EWS.ResolvedNames.FullContactInfo.physicalAddresses.zipcode | String | The physical addresses zipcode associated with the contact. | 
```

| EWS.ResolvedNames.FullContactInfo.postalAddressIndex | String | Represents the display types for physical addresses. | 
| EWS.ResolvedNames.FullContactInfo.sensitivity | String | Indicates the sensitivity level of an item. | 
| EWS.ResolvedNames.email_address | String | The primary SMTP address of a mailbox user. | 

> | EWS.ResolvedNames.mailbox_type | String | The type of mailbox that is represented by the e-mail address. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| EWS.ResolvedNames.mailbox_type | String | The type of mailbox that is represented by the email address. | 
```
